Update cloud-billing.rst (#4509)
mattermost/docs: source/cloud/cloud-billing/cloud-billing.rst

You will be billed for registered users in your workspace. A registered user is a user who has an account in a workspace and does not show as *Inactive* in **System Console > User Management > Users**. Registered users will count towards your monthly invoice each day as long as they are not deactivated in the billing period.

> Customers who tried Mattermost Cloud from our October 2020 launch, can use Mattermostfree of charge for with 10 or fewer registered users and will be upgraded to a per-user pricing model once reaching 11 or more registered users. Now new workspaces created can trial Mattermost Cloud free for 14 days before upgrading to a per-user monthly subscription. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers who signed up for a Mattermost Cloud trial from our October 2020 launch can continue to use their Cloud instance free of charge for up to ten registered users; however, these customers must upgrade to a per-user pricing model after reaching 11 or more registered users. New Mattermost Cloud workspaces can trial Mattermost Cloud free for 14 days before being required to upgrade to a monthly per-user subscription. 
```

Author: @cwarnermm They weren't really trialing, it was a free offer.  Changed this slightly to remove the word trial you had suggested after "...who signed up for a Mattermost Cloud...." in the first sentence.
